Nothing will work unless you do. — Maya Angelou
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it. — Maya Angelou
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. — Eleanor Roosevelt
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Do one thing every day that scares you. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Fight for the things that you care about, but do it in a way that will lead others to join you. — Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time. — Ruth Bader Ginsburg
I raise up my voice — not so I can shout, but so that those without a voice can be heard. — Malala Yousafzai
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful. — Malala Yousafzai
Caring for myself is not self-indulgence, it is self-preservation. — Audre Lorde
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. — Audre Lorde
You are your best thing. — Toni Morrison
If you wanna fly, you got to give up the things that weigh you down. — Toni Morrison
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. — Marie Curie
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. — Amelia Earhart
Turn your wounds into wisdom. — Oprah Winfrey
Vulnerability is not winning or losing; it's having the courage to show up and be seen. — Brené Brown
Owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we will ever do. — Brené Brown
No one is too small to make a difference. — Greta Thunberg
It's the little things citizens do. That's what will make the difference. — Wangari Maathai
You may be the first to do many things, but make sure you are not the last. — Kamala Harris
I am my own muse, the subject I know best. — Frida Kahlo
It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent. — Madeleine Albright
I refuse to believe you cannot be both compassionate and strong. — Jacinda Ardern
A champion is defined not by their wins but by how they can recover when they fall. — Serena Williams
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. — Helen Keller
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. — Helen Keller
When one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. — Rosa Parks
You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right. — Rosa Parks
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love. — Mother Teresa
There is no limit to what we, as women, can accomplish. — Michelle Obama
Success isn't about how much money you make; it's about the difference you make in people's lives. — Michelle Obama
We cannot change what we are not aware of, and once we are aware, we cannot help but change. — Sheryl Sandberg
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off. — Gloria Steinem
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist. — Indira Gandhi
Culture does not make people. People make culture. — Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. — Alice Walker
